who is she you know I think I recognize
the costume
a question remain just who on earth I on
earth Omni Linda Lee
why don't you just leave this poor kid
alone and worry about the other one that
fly because nobody gets in my way
wait a minute wait one man I mean you
can do the whole number leap tall
buildings in a single bound look right
through things yes bend steel bars yes
enjoy your prison super girl forever
Alexander Salkind presents the
action-packed adventures of a dazzling
new superhero starring Peter O'Toole I
must be sent to the Phantom Zone Faye
Dunaway's Mia Farrow Venus when Brenda
Vaccaro Marc McClure
it's Clark Kent's cousin Hart Buckner
and insurgency Helen Slater has
Supergirl
the adventure runs in the family